Welcome to the Blockchain Nanodegree course.
We're going to continue our lessons today and focus on
the Dapp user experience and also dive into the details of the flight surety project.
So this is the culmination of this course.
What we want to do is, make sure that you have all the information and all the skills
necessary to complete the project and be very successful at it.
To that end, our topics for today are first
a review of best practices for Web3 applications.
We've focused a lot on code during the prior lessons,
and what I want to talk about today is some of
the design aspects that make for really good applications.
Next, we'll review the requirements for the flight surety project.
You will have your rubric that you'll follow but ultimately,
I wanted to make sure that all
the requirements and the architecture of the project is clear to you.
Finally, we'll walk through the code that
I've prepared for you to work through the flight surety project.
We'll go through every aspect of it so that as you dive into coding yourself,
you're familiar with how to perhaps launch or build and things like that.
The specific lesson skills that we are focusing on
in this session are to develop Dapps with great user experiences.
You can have the best smart contract,
the most robust and secure one,
you can have the best APIs, etc., but ultimately,
let's not forget that there's a human who is going to use this,
and we want to make sure that
the user experiences we build into our apps are a really good and
really designed to make people be productive and use all the technology we're developing.
Next, I want to review the server code that has many modern techniques for development.
So while reviewing that,
you will learn different techniques that'll help you in other projects as well to
ensure that you are working in the most productive way possible when you're writing code.
Finally, you will learn the requirements for the flight surety project.
With that, let's get started with talking about Dapp user experiences.